Welcome to Python Shop Software! This program was created by u/Jeepsaintchaos.
Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.
This software is designed to take info and write out an invoice for work done on a vehicle.
The default username is Tech, and the password is password.
I suggest using the model name and date started as the project name, as the project name determines the name of the output file.
The output filename will also show the date and time the invoice was created.
The output file will not show the project name when printed.
You can change the username, its the same as Technician name in settings. You can also change the password.
Parts upcharge should be entered as a decimal if you change it. 10% is .10
Just delete the "config.ini" file to return to stock settings, the program will make a new one for you.
Outputs are stored in the "Projects" folder.
This program will call you names if you do something wrong. Sorry/notsorry
I do not warranty this program against gaining sentience and attempting to take over the world
Actually I dont warranty this program for anything, really. Use at your own risk.
For best results, place this program in a folder on the desktop.
Please dont put letters where numbers are supposed to go, and dont use symbols like $ or %.
I am not a very good programmer, and this is the first thing I have ever written.
If you have any issues with it, please figure it out. I do not care.
I havent figured out how to set up automatic updates yet, as i didnt really plan on releasing this. But it has been requested.
This is version 1.0.1
Changenotes for 1.0.1
Added Master Record. This will create a "Master Record" file in the /projects directory, and write all jobs to it in addition
to the individual jobs record. Hopefully, printing support and maybe SQL support will be coming eventually.
Removed project name from customer-facing record, it will only be used to make a filename and to make a header for the master record.
Project Name would be a good place to put which bay the work was done in, if you have multiple bays.
I also set the program up to forcibly rewrite the Readme every time the program is opened.
Have a great day!
